Coming soon templates (#73)
croct-tech/templates: templates/croct/starter/strapi/README.md

# Introduction

Looking to add **AB testing** or **personalization** to your Strapi-powered site?

> This template will
> combine [Strapi.io](https://strapi.io/?utm_source=croct), [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/?utm_source=croct), and Croct to
> help you run experiments, personalize content by audience, and analyze results without changing your CMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This template
combines [Strapi.io](https://strapi.io/?utm_source=croct), [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/?utm_source=croct), and Croct to
help you run experiments, personalize content by audience, and analyze results without changing your CMS.
```
